# Article Summary

Article Link: 	[How Engineering Teams Can Thrive in 2025](https://stackoverflow.blog/2025/01/28/how-engineering-teams-can-thrive-in-2025/)

## Thoughts:

I found this article very interesting due to its focus on one of software engineerings most important aspects, which is engineering as a team. It seems that with the current crop of tools, working with a team has never been easier. More specifically, with AI Intelligence improving, AI assistants can support the full product development lifecycle, from requirements analysis to deployment and maintenance. Considering how much of a fundamental skill this is for any software engineer, I am personally skeptical just how helpful these "AI Assistants" can truly be. A lot of working together as a team requires consistent communication, and I personally disagree with this point as an "AI Assistant" contradicts it. On the other hand, for many companies/teams, something that I do believe has been beneficial to many, is Advanced APIs and cloud-native architecture. As discussed in class, the CI/CD Workflow has only become more and more popular, with Cloud-based tools preventing slow rollouts due to disconnected systems. Many have been able to make the switch, making CI/CD and containerization a regular part of any engineering workflow. To say the least, the resources at hand are only getting better, and it is on us to ensure we can keep up with them. 

## Comment:

I also found this article interesting because it talks about something we have also talked about in class, the fact that software engineering isn't just coding. Another part that stuck out to me was the section on AI. It talks about how with the advent of AI software enginerees can delegate repetitive and time consuming tasks to AI while focusing their energy on bigger challeneges and complex problem solving. This article also used the example of Spotify that I really liked, specificially their shift to cloud-native systems. This really shows companies are adapting. 